Release 2.6 (#172)
nf-core/sarek: README.md

# [![Sarek](docs/images/nf-core_sarek_logo.png "Sarek")](https://nf-co.re/sarek)

> 

Author: ```suggestion

> **An open-source analysis pipeline to detect germline or somatic variants from whole genome or targeted sequencing**
```

> > **An open-source analysis pipeline to detect germline or somatic variants from whole genome or targeted sequencing**

Author: I'm wondering why we lost the description here...
Shall I put it back @ggabernet ?

Reviewer: Sure, I thought it was on purpose!

* [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)

## Acknowledgements

[![Barntumörbanken](docs/images/BTB_logo.png)](https://ki.se/forskning/barntumorbanken) | [![SciLifeLab](docs/images/SciLifeLab_logo.png)](https://scilifelab.se)
:-:|:-:
[![National Genomics Infrastructure](docs/images/NGI_logo.png)](https://ngisweden.scilifelab.se/) | [![National Bioinformatics Infrastructure Sweden](docs/images/NBIS_logo.png)](https://nbis.se)

## Citation

> If you use `nf-core/sarek` for your analysis, please cite the `Sarek` pre-print as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
If you use `nf-core/sarek` for your analysis, please cite the `Sarek` article as follows:
```

Author: Not a preprint anymore
